Tree sitter update (#8909)
github/codeql: ruby/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-04-30-update-grammar.md

---
category: fix
---

> The TreeSitter Ruby grammar has been updated; this fixes several issues where Ruby code was parsed incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tree-sitter Ruby grammar has been updated; this fixes several issues where Ruby code was parsed incorrectly.
```
